Process Overview

I need to create a lightweight purchase to pay system. Let's begin by describing the process it's supposed to automate.
The first step is to create a purchase order request (POR) where the user (REQUESTER) specifies the items they need to purchase. 
The purchase order request should include the items which need to be purchased and the quantites for each item.
The next step is to send the POR to a user (POR APPROVER) who has the authority to approve or reject it.
If the purchase order request (POR) is approved, the next step is creating the purchase order (PO).
The purchase order should include the items which need to be purchased, the quantities for each item, and the SUPPLIER from which the items will be purchased.
A POR might include items from multiple suppliers, so it should be split into multiple POs, one for each SUPPLIER.
The purchase order is then sent to the SUPPLIER, who will fulfill the order. When the items are delivered a goods receipt must accompany them.
After the goods have been received, an invoice must be issued by the SUPPLIER.
When the invoice arrives, a user (PO HANDLER) in the system is tasked with doing a three way match between the PO, goods receipt and the invoice.
If the three way matching fails, a procedure of contacting the SUPPLIER and rectifying the discrepancies is initiated.
At this point, the purchase order document, goods receipt document and invoice document should be persisted into a datastore.
The data from these documents should be scraped and indexed into a datastore as well.
The process continues by sending the invoice document for approval to a user (INVOICE APPROVER).
Then, if the INVOICE APPROVER decides the invoice should be paid, a task for invoice payment is assigned to a user (INVOICE PAYER).
The INVOICE PAYER is responsible for the timely transfer of funds to the SUPPLIER.
If the INVOICE APPROVER rejects, he must provide a reason and the process continues with a procedure which handles the rejection.
Once the INVOICE PAYER has transfered the money to the SUPPLIER, he must attach a document for payment as proof.
The process ends.
